fix(www): broken link on home page (#12736)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/submit-to-plugin-library.md

In order to add your plugin to the [Plugin Library](/plugins/), you need to:

1. publish a package to npm (learn how [here](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages)),

> 2. include the [required files](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/#what-files-does-gatsby-look-for-in-a-plugin) in your plugin code,

Author: ```suggestion
2. include the [required files](/docs/how-plugins-work/#what-files-does-gatsby-look-for-in-a-plugin) in your plugin code,
```
